Park Il Do?
We stabbed his own eye with a knife.
And ran into the East Sea.
Hey, what about my mom?
The superior spirit called Park Il Do.
The people who were involved all died...
and were drenched in sea water.
I heard that he's looking
for someone, just like you.
What on earth is that? Sohn?
It's when a person is
possessed by a spirit.
That's what we used to say in my hometown.
"Sohn is coming."
Run away.
Who is he talking to?
Is there another bigger
spirit controlling you?
Park Il Do is the superior spirit.
It controls inferior spirits.
And inferior spirits possess human beings.
Park Il Do has possessed
someone else right now.
And it keeps killing people.
Are you saying he's been
possessed by a spirit?
I'm looking for Priest Choi.
Actually, I'm looking for the
spirit that used to possess me.
- I'm looking for Park Il Do.
- Let's stop talking about that.
A man came out of the trunk.
Do you mean there are two culprits?
Did you see what I was thinking?
When did you meet Park Il Do?
You'll never find him...
because I'm going to kill you now!
Where is your brother?
It's too late.
I'm looking for my brother too.
You want your brother back.
I'll help you.
What are you doing?
Hey!
Wait, stop.
Park Il Do!
Move aside.
What happened?
What's the matter?
- Move aside please. - Did someone die?
- Sir. - What happened?
Please move.
That crook taxi driver
was telling the truth.
Yes.
He followed the same taxi by
coincidence and found out?
This is absurd.
He saw the last case by
coincidence while he was peeing?
That's what he said.
He might catch all the criminals
while he's peeing on the street.
And who is that priest?
And that strange shaman?
The suspect chewed off his hands...
and poked his eyes... Goodness!
What is happening?
I'm not sure either.
This is so frustrating.
They told me to speak to you.
When are you leaving?
Oh, this is a crime scene.
Please finish up and leave.
What a total mess.
Ma'am.
Your sons killed a person.
And your first son is dead.
So what?
What on earth?
What's up? You took so long,
so I started eating first.
Should I order one for you?
No, I'm not hungry.
Why isn't he coming?
- Who? - The young priest.
He asked to meet urgently.
Really?
- I better go before he comes.
- You're going? Why?
I'm not fond of priests.
Take this.
I brought bandages, disinfectant,
and some other stuff.
You have to change your bandage often.
I know since I've been hurt often.
I've been hurt often too.
Why don't you buy me some
meat instead of this?
My energy is totally
drained from this case.
You complain about food
a lot since last time.
Hey, wait.
I can't drive my taxi for a
while, so I need to save money.
I'm about to get fired from work.
How's the case going?
Choi Min Gu will be indicted soon.
His sentence will be reduced
due to insanity though.
I've experienced all kinds of
stuff working as a detective.
But lately, I can't
believe what I'm seeing.
I know.
I understand you saw such
things a few days ago.
And you must feel strange when you
come and eat at a dump like this.
Park Il Do.
That's the thing that
changes people like that?
Yes. Park Il Do.
It penetrates into one's
darkest side and weakness...
and takes over.
That's how Sohn comes.
Is that why those brothers
hated women and killed them?
That hatred came from their mother's abuse.
Their mom...
didn't seem sad at all.
Who is worse? A devil like Park Il Do...
or their mom who caused
all of this to happen?
I'm not sure about that.
Seriously. Besides people
being possessed by spirits,
there are plenty of bad
people on the streets anyway.
Why are you chasing after Park Il Do?
Someone has to stop it.
I also have a personal
issue to take care of.
- Be careful then. - Thank you.
- For what? - For saving my life.
If you hadn't come at that
moment, I would've died.
I know. I wanted to tell you this.
You might really die if you do that again.
- It's dangerous.
- Then you can help me again.
And something's been bugging me lately.
Why do you keep speaking down to me?
You were a suspect.
I'm not anymore.
How old are you?
You're just leaving?
Hello.
Hwa Pyung is inside.
Thank you...
for the last time.
I didn't have the chance to thank you.
It's my job as a detective.
Don't worry about it.
Have we ever met before?
- Last time at the shaman's house...
- No, before that.
- Have you ever gone to church? - No.
I hate churches.
You're here.
You expect me to believe that?
The last person Park Il Do
possessed was Priest Choi.
- Your brother. - How do you know that?
Did you ever meet my brother?
A long time ago.
Just once.
I can't tell you in
detail, but I'm certain.
My brother is the Park Il Do...
that goes around killing people?
And it still kills people?
It's not your brother now.
- It's Park Il Do. - I can't believe you.
You know your brother has been
possessed by a powerful spirit.
Isn't that why you became...
an exorcist priest? To cure him?
I'll pretend that I didn't
hear what you just said.
My brother is not Park Il Do.
It said it would find you.
What do you mean?
Kim Young Soo said that
when he was possessed.
And that Priest Choi
will go to his brother.
Why do you think so?
You're in danger.
- So... - Forget it.
Don't ever come see me again.
I'm telling you it's really dangerous.
He may look like your
brother, but don't be fooled.
He's not your brother. He's Park Il Do.
Make sure to contact me if he comes to you!
Are you really going to
stake out here all night?
That priest is at the
church during the day.
I'm sure he'll come here at night.
How can you trust something a ghost said?
He's not coming.
It's a ghost's hobby to fool humans.
This is so boring.
I'm sick of this guy.
Then go home.
A man should be loyal.
I'm a real man.
I can't let you suffer alone
while I go home to sleep.
That's ridiculous. That startled me.
Hello? Yes.
You just closed the shop?
Right now?
I'll be right there.
"The shop"?
What shop?
It's someone who runs a shop.
Isn't she the owner of
that bar you always go to?
Are you two dating?
Do you know how old I am?
What do you mean, date?
She's single too.
I've never been married.
She's trying to carry in
something ridiculously heavy.
She has a bad back too.
All right, just go. Go. You can go.
Fine, I'm leaving.
You should go home too.
He's not going to come tonight.
By the way,
what if he comes while I'm not here?
Do you think the priest will be able
to perform an exorcism properly?
It's his own brother.
We'll try.
- If it doesn't work... - Then, what?
Don't tell me...
Hey, don't tell me...
Stop that. Seriously.
Stop making a ruckus and go while you can.
Why would you get mad?
All right.
This is my car, but you're kicking me out.
Bye.
Hey!
No! Please!
No! No!
If it doesn't work...
We're almost there.
- Yes, Father Yang. - It's been a while.
I didn't want to call you for
something like this, but...
What is it?
Gosh.
Why is it suddenly pouring so much?
Where are you going so
early in the morning?
I got it.
What is it? Did something happen?
They found it.
Found what?
They found him on a small hill...
behind our childhood town.
They found the body of my brother.
Stop, you can't enter here.
Hey, is the body you found that priest's?
The one from the case 20 years ago.
I can't answer that. Please leave.
When did he die? Was it recent?
Which press are you with?
You'll find out later.
That's enough.
The priest is on his way to...
his little brother!
His teeth conditions
match Choi Sang Hyun's.
It was suicide?
His spine broke off at the neck,
and they even found a rope.
They couldn't find any
other wounds on the body.
That's why they think...
he committed suicide by hanging himself.
It's what many possessed
people end up doing.
It's strange.
He was found buried in the ground.
Exactly.
At first, I thought the
bones belonged an animal,
then I saw human clothes.
All of my hairs rose up.
He was buried in the ground?
Are you sure about this?
The police told me not
to talk to reporters.
I'm not a reporter.
I came to visit my grandpa,
then I heard about this corpse.
Of course I'm curious.
Are you curious?
It's 20 dollars.
They're delicious.
Gosh.
I got it, I got it.
I wonder why the body was
only discovered now...
after it was buried in the
hill for a long time.
It's a rarely traveled path.
I don't know why I took that path myself.
Maybe a ghost lured me in.
It's been raining a lot here recently.
The rain washed down the soil
and the corpse came out.
Did you hear anything else from the
police about the investigation?
What is it that you're so curious about?
Ask the police yourself.
Fine.
Stay away from every
case for the time being.
You are lucky you didn't get suspended...
by the disciplinary committee.
I don't want to.
Why do I have to?
What?
Two suspects got injured in a row.
Besides,
the handcuffed culprit was left alone
in the car and killed himself.
You tried to deal with the culprit alone...
and let him die.
You don't even follow the
basic rules of investigation.
- Sir. - What?
Thanks to Detective Kang,
everything worked out.
The culprit hurt himself because I...
I don't like you either.
You always cut her slack and spoiled her.
We got the result from the
forensic investigation.
I told you many times...
not to work alone.
I told you to be more
cooperative for the team.
It's always you. You're the fault.
It's because of you.
Hey, Kang Gil Young. Where are you going?
Kang Gil Young!
Sir, I'm sorry.
I'll talk to her.
- Hello. - It's me.
How have you been?
I thought I should talk to you.
I feel sorry for you.
She has arrived.
Hello?
Gil Young, are you listening?
Yes, I will come to you.
It's under investigation.
There's nothing we can say.
Do you understand?
Hello.
Hi.
Mrs. Park.
Oh, my.
Father, what are you doing here?
I'm here for work. What brings you here?
I was invited by someone.
I heard Sharing Hands is
going well thanks to you.
The students said many
nice things about you.
You're flattering me.
- How is the fund-raising going?
- It's going well.
I'll work hard as well.
See you later.
Hello.
Who is she?
She's Park Hong Joo, a politician.
You don't know that famous woman?
Although you're a priest, you should
know what's happening in the world.
How do you know her?
I run a voluntary organisation
called, Sharing Hands...
and she's the advisor of the organisation.
She's a nice person.
Thank you for making time to visit me.
Of course I care about my hometown.
I came for the school council...
and I heard the news. It surprised me.
So the body of the murderer was found?
Oh, that case.
Yes.
How is the investigation going?
According to the research so far,
it's very likely it was a suicide.
But the corpse is very old.
We need more investigation.
Maybe there's a chance that he got killed.
Don't do that.
- Pardon? - Stop investigating that case.
If the press talks about it,
it'll tarnish this region's reputation.
But...
it was a very famous case in the past...
- and the press... - I told you not to!
Get out. All of you.
Get out!
Just cover it up.
You know me, don't you?
Think about who let you make this far.
It's all thanks to my family, you jerk.
Yes.
I understand.
So...
why do you use my car as if it's yours?
So when are you coming back?
I don't know. I'm still investigating.
Are you okay?
Of course I'm not.
I've been thinking Priest
Choi was Park Il Do.
I've been looking for him
for the past few years.
I've been only asking around about him.
I've done all those for nothing.
We didn't know he was dead.
By the way, who did the superior spirit
Park Il Do possess?
Do you have any idea who it could be?
I don't know.
It must have transferred to
someone before Priest Choi died.
Now I should look for the
last person he talked to.
Don't you know the incident
from 20 years ago?
They found the culprit's body.
Of course I do. It horrified me.
I heard that's because
his parents abused him.
That's not it. The culprit
is a crazy person.
Oh, right. That too.
Why won't you eat?
Still, they are his parents.
How could he kill his parents like that?
I heard he was a priest.
He's not a priest.
I heard the whole family was
into some kind of a cult.
Shall we go?
I'm used to hearing this.
I'd like to order a bottle of soju.
Okay.
Are you going to drink alcohol?
Well.
I need to drink some alcohol now.
Here you are.
Father, are you okay?
I'm okay.
Do you think you'll be fine alone?
I'll be fine. You have some time
until the bus departs, right?
About 10 minutes. Why?
I want to ask you about something.
Something you haven't told me yet.
You can tell me now.
Why did a sincere believer,
Sang Hyun, got possessed...
and killed his family?
What was the hole in his heart?
Your brother wasn't sincere.
Your parents were.
Your brother didn't want to be a priest.
So he hated his parents?
He must have been unhappy and regretful.
Demons use such emotions as well.
There's one thing I'm sure of.
He loved his family more than anyone.
Especially...
his younger brother.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have brought
him there that day.
If only I had realized he was possessed.
I want to hear about...
the day he got possessed.
- It's all in the past. - I must know.
What happened...
on that day?
I received a call that a kid
was possessed by a spirit.
I went to perform an exorcism.
Your brother was my assistant priest.
Who was that kid?
It was a boy from...
a hereditary shaman family.
He was possessed by a spirit
that existed in that village.
The name of that spirit was Park Il Do.
Did you say Park Il Do?
That boy...
came to see me recently.
He was looking for you.
He said he heard a prophecy
from a possessed man.
That your brother will
come looking for you.
What is...
that boy's name?
Yes, okay.
Here we go.
Grandpa, look at this beef!
Let's fill our stomachs
with some beef tonight.
How long is your holiday?
Why aren't you going home?
Since it's my holiday.
I have plenty of time.
I received a call just now
from Mr. Kim in our village.
He said he saw you in another village.
Are you going around
asking about that priest?
What are you talking about?
Has that old man gone mad?
- Mad? - Come on!
- Have you gone mad too? - Yes, I have!
I told you not to go
near that neighborhood.
Are you still chasing after
that spirit or whatever?
It's none of your business.
- What? - Please.
You always overturn a
table when you're angry.
- Yes, I'm furious! - Please, stop.
- My back hurts. - Are you okay?
That temper of yours doesn't change.
Where's the pain relief patch?
Listen. You better mark my words.
Don't ever go near that spirit, Park Il Do.
Don't even think about it.
I have to catch Park Il Do.
- It still possesses people...
- I don't care.
What if it gets back at you?
What will you do if it possesses you again?
It won't. I was young back then.
And you sent me far away.
To some relatives that I didn't even know.
That was because...
I was afraid it might find you.
Anyway, stop what you're
doing this instant.
Whatever. I'll take care of it.
You little idiot!
Goodness.
I told you to stop this instant!
Do you want to see me die?
There's one thing I'm sure of.
He loved his family more than anyone.
Especially...
his younger brother.
Was it you?
What are you doing here?
I was suspicious of your brother's death.
I came at night because the
cops are here during the day.
You knew everything.
You knew everything!
But you told me about my brother...
to find Park Il Do?
The reason why he was possessed
in the first place...
was because of you!
You're right.
It was because of me.
I understand if you blame me.
Both of you, cut it out and follow me.
Before I call the police for
trespassing a crime scene.
Why are you here? It's not
even your jurisdiction.
Shut it.
Don't say a word.
Why did we come here?
20 years ago,
a family was murdered here.
A female detective was
passing by at that moment...
and saved a son of the family,
who was the last survivor.
But she died at the scene.
That crazy murderer who killed
that family and the detective...
is your brother, right?
What is your point?
The female detective who died...
was my mom.
Run away!
Mom!
Mom! No, mom!
Mom, no! Please...
Mom!
She died trying to save you.
Your brother vanished and
it became an unsolved case.
I've been living in pain
every day since then.
I can't forget that moment when
my mom walked into that house.
I wanted to catch him.
I became a detective to catch
him with my own hands.
But...
I didn't know he was this close by.
And he died 20 years ago...
I wanted to catch him with my own hands.
Priest Choi isn't the culprit.
What?
Priest Choi was...
possessed by Park Il Do back then.
You crazy jerk.
- Is it Park Il Do again? - I told you.
I was possessed by Park Il Do before.
The priest who tried to
exorcize me was Priest Choi.
He tried to save me...
and Park Il Do moved into his body instead.
It wasn't Priest Choi.
It was the Park Il Do
that used to possess me.
Stop it.
I don't want to hear anything
about that darned spirit.
That night,
I came to this house to meet Priest Choi.
But...
I sensed that something terrible
happened here, but I couldn't go in.
And I was just standing there.
Then, a woman passing by saw me.
She stopped the car because she
thought I was an abused child.
She wanted to help me.
That child...
was you?
Was it you?
Yes. That was me.
She went into that house because of me.
Good for you.
I told you to go home
right away after school,
but you ran off to your friend's
to play without calling me?
You made me worry.
Kang Gil Young, answer me.
Are you mad at me?
Well?
Fine. I'm sorry.
I told you I've been busy with
the missing teenage girl case.
I didn't forget your birthday. I mean it.
Gosh. My goodness.
Are you going to keep ignoring me?
Are you serious?
You know you take after me.
At this rate, we'll never
speak to each other again.
All right, I'm sorry.
Gosh.
What is this?
Hey. What are you doing over there?
What is he doing?
No, I'm not taking a detour.
It'll only take me a minute.
Let's go eat something nice after this.
I didn't get to eat while working.
I'm hungry too.
How about jjajangmyeon? Tangsuyuk?
Stay in the car. I'll be back.
Aren't you going to talk to me?
You should go home after
visiting your hometown.
Why did you crawl back here at this hour?
I'm really hungry. Can I have this?
I thought you didn't eat jjajangmyeon.
That's for Detective Shin.
The best jjajangmyeon is the one
you eat while working all night.
Why did you go back to
your hometown anyway?
Did something happen?
I found him.
Found who? Your first love?
Your mom?
Did you catch the culprit
who killed your mom?
Yes.
But he was already dead.
Get up. I'll buy you drinks. Let's go.
We can't drink on duty.
That's not important right now.
Get up.
Are you not going to go?
You're so stubborn.
Gosh.
You're right.
I'm ridiculously stubborn.
A birthday isn't such a big deal.
I didn't say a word...
when she apologized so much.
Gil Young.
Had I gone...
straight home that day after school,
Mom would've never had to pick me up.
Then we wouldn't have
passed that house either.
I was acting so stubborn.
She told me she didn't even eat.
It's all my fault.
Why are you still up?
I hear people can't sleep
when they get old.
No, they can't.
I can't sleep.
Ever since that day,
I'm reminded of that time...
whenever I close my eyes.
It's a grudge.
Was there...
anything I could've done?
Why couldn't I stop it?
Your mother was young.
She had a bright future.
It should've been me who died.
Enough nonsense. Just go to sleep.
If you don't sleep properly,
you will get dementia.
Don't give me trouble...
during your last years.
Don't you worry about me.
You should forget about everything...
and live your own life.
It's not like the dead can come back.
You know very well what he's like.
I know it very well too.
If something happens to you...
while you're trying to find him,
I'll kill myself too.
The only attachment I have now...
is you.
What are you doing here?
Hey.
I thought I should see him off.
Are you sure you'll be
okay with cremating him?
Nothing has been proved.
The police already closed
the case as a suicide.
Isn't anyone coming? Maybe your relatives?
They think he's a murderer.
I knew that he was possessed,
but I always blamed him, hated him,
and was scared of him.
But you became an exorcist priest...
in order to find your brother.
I did.
But I didn't know he was already dead.
It might have been better
for my brother to die.
Even if the exorcism had gone well,
he wouldn't have stayed sane.
A priest who killed his parents.
Park Il Do.
The demon killed my parents...
and possessed my brother. That's
what you're saying, right?
Speaking of which,
what should I do...
to find that Park Il Do?
Once you start this, you won't be
able to go back to the normal life.
Are you okay with that?
It might take your whole life.
What do you want me to do?
Kill. Kill.
Kill?
Don't hold it back. Kill everyone.
Kill everyone?
Those people?
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Come with us.
- We should go for another round.
- Let's drink some more.
- No, thanks.
- Come on. Just one more drink.
- Just one more drink.
- My wife won't like it.
Let's drink one more glass.
I drank alcohol yesterday and today.
I will drink some tomorrow as well.
- Have a safe trip home.
- Thank you. See you.
- Good night. - Bye.
We haven't met for a long time.
Let's have one more drink.
Fine. By the way, is this the right way?
It is. Just trust me and follow me.
Just trust me.
- What was that? - Darn it.
Goodness.
There's a bloodstain.
Someone walked out of here while bleeding.
Maybe someone dragged this person out.
It seems to be quickly wiped. The
stain is smudged everywhere.
The culprit wiped the blood.
Does that mean he or she
intended to kidnap the victim?
There are no signs of break-in.
There's no blood scattered on the wall,
which means there was no resistance.
Maybe the culprit is the
victim's acquaintance.
We don't know if this is a
murder case or not yet.
There's no corpse.
Kang Jong Ryul.
27 years old, an office worker.
What in the world happened?
Here's his picture.
He looks normal.
You said he had a girlfriend, right?
His family said...
they couldn't reach him for over a week.
Weren't you worried?
We broke up.
When?
About a month ago.
Wait, no. I think it's
been about two months.
When is the last time you talked to him?
When we broke up.
We haven't talked since.
I'm sorry for asking, but could
you tell me why you broke up?
What happened?
Nothing happened. Nothing.
Do you have any idea...
what he would have been doing for a week...
after the break-up?
Maybe he could have a fight with someone?
I don't know.
I don't know anything.
All right.
Isn't that woman...
a little strange?
Her ex-boyfriend went missing.
She must be confused.
That's not what I mean.
It feels like she's hiding something.
What is it?
My wife packed some side dishes for you.
Most of them are made
of meat like jangjorim.
I still haven't finished
the one from last time.
You should have stopped her.
Actually, I asked her to do it.
Since you visited your hometown,
you look so down.
I thought you'd be better
once you're back to work,
but you're still depressed.
It's not like you.
You make me depressed too.
She's possessed?
She insists she has the symptoms.
We don't have Father Han anymore.
You're the only priest we have now.
It's the bishop's wish as well.
Okay.
Let me meet her.
What symptoms do you have?
I...
I feel like I'm not myself.
Could you be more specific?
It started...
since I quit my job.
When the light was off,
I felt like someone was
watching me in the darkness.
Day...
and night,
and wherever I go.
Are there any other symptoms?
I don't remember what I did.
I'm standing in the middle
of an unfamiliar street.
Do you see things and have hallucinations?
I receive text messages.
Text messages?
What are you doing?
Kill him. You must kill him.
Who sent those messages?
I don't know who it is.
He says some guy gave him my number...
and keeps sending me text messages.
I don't know who it is.
Can I see those text messages?
Well, that's...
I'm sure I received them.
But when I check the next day,
they're all gone.
Have you talked to a shrink?
No.
You don't believe me, do you?
To be honest,
I think it'd be better for
you to go to hospital first.
That man who sent the messages.
You said he got your number from some guy.
Do you know who that guy is?
What's up? You hardly call me first.
When someone possessed is
about to commit murder,
you said you see the murder scene
through the devil's eyes, right?
Yes, that's about right. Why?
Have you seen something like that recently?
No, I haven't. What's this about?
I talked with a woman who seemed
to be possessed recently.
You said he got your number from some guy.
Do you know who that guy is?
I don't know who he is.
But I remember his name.
It's Park Il Do.
Park Il Do?
I heard the name clearly.
Where is that woman?
Is this where Kang Jong Ryul used to work?
- Kang Jong Ryul?
- Yes. You don't know him?
What's this about?
We're from the police. Kang
Jong Ryul has gone missing.
I don't know if you've noticed.
He didn't come to work, right?
No.
Is there anyone who can help
with our investigation?
We have some questions to ask to
those who were close with him.
Sir.
They're from the police, and they're
looking for Kang Jong Ryul.
Hello.
Kang Jong Ryul quit.
What's this about?
He's involved in a case
that we are investigating.
- What case?
- We can't give you the details.
How long has it been since he quit?
About a month?
- I see. - Why did he quit?
I don't know. He was a rookie...
and I guess he had trouble adjusting.
He just quit.
You don't know about anything
strange that happened to him?
No. We weren't that close.
He had a girlfriend. Did you know?
- Did he have a girlfriend? - I don't know.
Where was his seat?
It was here. You can take a look.
- Everything's still here? - Yes.
It's so hot. I thought summer was over.
His co-workers...
didn't seem to be close
with the victim at all.
They worked together for six months.
I know. He totally reminds me of someone.
Come on, he's just like you.
Yes. Did you get the phone records?
Yes. On the day that he went missing,
he spoke with his girlfriend several times.
That woman was lying.
Okay. Let's go see her.
Darn it.
What are you doing?
Aren't you going to get revenge?
I can't do it.
I'm scared. I can't do it.
"You idiot..."
"You insect..."
"If I were you..."
"I'd kill myself."
Where are you going?
Move, you worthless orphan!
Let's have a talk.
Your mom and your grandma died too.
Your grandpa will die soon.
Sohn has come.
Did you meet Park Il Do?
Where is Park Il Do?
Come on. Let's go for another round.
Come on, let's go!
That organization.
Where did you get this?
What's the matter?
- Miss. - Please help me!
What are you doing?
- Call the police. - Help me!
It's nothing. Don't mind us.
Ms. Kim.
Get up, Ms. Kim.
- Get up. - What are you doing?
I said, what are you doing?
I'm trying to help her.
Move over.
- Hey. - Let go of me.
- Hey, call the police. - Let go!
- We're trying to help her. - Ms. Kim.
What is happening?
Let go!
- We're trying to help her. - Hey!
Come over here!
- Grab him. - Call the police.
- Let go of me. - Darn it.
Kill him. I told you to kill him.
I can't do it.
Don't hold back. Kill everyone.
Kill everyone!
- Kill everyone. - I can't!
Let me explain. This is a misunderstanding.
No, it's not.
We saw you attacking that lady.
What did you say?
You have a problem?
- Hey. - Come over here.
- Listen to me. - You were hitting her.
Everybody, calm down.
What is he doing here?
- Goodness. - What is this mess?
Let's go home.
What is this in the middle of the night?
I can't get any sleep.
What is this?
What is that?
Look!
Park Il Do.
So he's the one who killed my mom?
It has started.
What made him possessed?
I wonder what made him
so depressed and angry.
It's too dangerous to exorcise a demon...
that's directly related to you.
We'll exorcize the demon.
You shouldn't get involved, Detective.
It's just as dangerous for the two of you.
Why are you getting yourself
involved for no reason?
You're just like your mother.
I'll kill the woman first.